UNIT FILE                                    STATE    
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount            static   
dev-hugepages.mount                          static   
dev-mqueue.mount                             static   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                static   
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                static   
sys-kernel-config.mount                      static   
sys-kernel-debug.mount                       static   
acpid.path                                   enabled  
systemd-ask-password-console.path            static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.path               static   
session-c1.scope                             transient
session-c2.scope                             transient
acpid.service                                enabled  
adbd.service                                 generated
alsa-restore.service                         static   
alsa-state.service                           static   
alsa-utils.service                           masked   
anacron.service                              enabled  
apt-daily-upgrade.service                    static   
apt-daily.service                            static   
autovt@.service                              enabled  
bluetooth.service                            enabled  
bootlogd.service                             masked   
bootlogs.service                             masked   
bootmisc.service                             masked   
checkfs.service                              masked   
checkroot-bootclean.service                  masked   
checkroot.service                            masked   
console-getty.service                        disabled 
console-setup.service                        enabled  
container-getty@.service                     static   
cpufrequtils.service                         generated
cryptdisks-early.service                     masked   
cryptdisks.service                           masked   
dbus-fi.epitest.hostap.WPASupplicant.service enabled  
dbus-org.bluez.service                       enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service       static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service         static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service          static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service        enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service   enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service        enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service       static   
dbus.service                                 static   
debug-shell.service                          disabled 
display-manager.service                      enabled  
emergency.service                            static   
fuse.service                                 masked   
getty-static.service                         static   
getty@.service                               enabled  
halt.service                                 masked   
hostapd.service                              generated
hostname.service                             masked   
hwclock.service                              masked   
ifup@.service                                static   
initrd-cleanup.service                       static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                     static   
initrd-switch-root.service                   static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service            static   
keyboard-setup.service                       enabled  
killprocs.service                            masked   
kmod-static-nodes.service                    static   
kmod.service                                 static   
lightdm.service                              enabled  
loadcpufreq.service                          generated
module-init-tools.service                    static   
motd.service                                 masked   
mountall-bootclean.service                   masked   
mountall.service                             masked   
mountdevsubfs.service                        masked   
mountkernfs.service                          masked   
mountnfs-bootclean.service                   masked   
mountnfs.service                             masked   
network-manager.service                      enabled  
networking.service                           enabled  
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service            enabled  
NetworkManager-wait-online.service           masked   
NetworkManager.service                       enabled  
polkit.service                               static   
procps.service                               static   
quotaon.service                              static   
rc-local.service                             static   
rc.local.service                             static   
rc.service                                   masked   
rcS.service                                  masked   
reboot.service                               masked   
rescue.service                               static   
resize-helper.service                        disabled 
resolvconf.service                           enabled  
rmnologin.service                            masked   
rockchip.service                             enabled  
rsyslog.service                              enabled  
sendsigs.service                             masked   
serial-getty@.service                        disabled 
single.service                               masked   
ssh.service                                  enabled  
ssh@.service                                 static   
sshd.service                                 enabled  
stop-bootlogd-single.service                 masked   
stop-bootlogd.service                        masked   
sudo.service                                 enabled  
syslog.service                               enabled  
systemd-ask-password-console.service         static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.service            static   
systemd-backlight@.service                   static   
systemd-binfmt.service                       static   
systemd-exit.service                         static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                    static   
systemd-fsck@.service                        static   
systemd-fsckd.service                        static   
systemd-halt.service                         static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service            static   
systemd-hibernate.service                    static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                    static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                  static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                 static   
systemd-initctl.service                      static   
systemd-journal-flush.service                static   
systemd-journald.service                     static   
systemd-kexec.service                        static   
systemd-localed.service                      static   
systemd-logind.service                       static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service            static   
systemd-modules-load.service                 static   
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service         masked   
systemd-networkd.service                     enabled  
systemd-poweroff.service                     static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                   static   
systemd-random-seed.service                  static   
systemd-reboot.service                       static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                   static   
systemd-resolved.service                     enabled  
systemd-rfkill.service                       static   
systemd-suspend.service                      static   
systemd-sysctl.service                       static   
systemd-timedated.service                    static   
systemd-timesyncd.service                    enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service               static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service           static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service               static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                  static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service                 static   
systemd-udevd.service                        static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service         static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                  static   
systemd-user-sessions.service                static   
udev.service                                 static   
udisks2.service                              enabled  
umountfs.service                             masked   
umountnfs.service                            masked   
umountroot.service                           masked   
upower.service                               enabled  
urandom.service                              static   
usb_modeswitch@.service                      static   
user@.service                                static   
wpa_supplicant.service                       enabled  
wpa_supplicant@.service                      masked   
x11-common.service                           masked   
machine.slice                                static   
system.slice                                 static   
user-0.slice                                 transient
user-1000.slice                              transient
user.slice                                   static   
acpid.socket                                 enabled  
dbus.socket                                  static   
ssh.socket                                   enabled  
syslog.socket                                static   
systemd-fsckd.socket                         static   
systemd-initctl.socket                       static   
systemd-journald-audit.socket                static   
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket              static   
systemd-journald.socket                      static   
systemd-networkd.socket                      enabled  
systemd-rfkill.socket                        static   
systemd-udevd-control.socket                 static   
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                  static   
basic.target                                 static   
bluetooth.target                             static   
busnames.target                              static   
cryptsetup-pre.target                        static   
cryptsetup.target                            static   
ctrl-alt-del.target                          enabled  
default.target                               static   
emergency.target                             static   
exit.target                                  disabled 
final.target                                 static   
getty.target                                 static   
graphical.target                             static   
halt.target                                  disabled 
hibernate.target                             static   
hybrid-sleep.target                          static   
initrd-fs.target                             static   
initrd-root-device.target                    static   
initrd-root-fs.target                        static   
initrd-switch-root.target                    static   
initrd.target                                static   
kexec.target                                 disabled 
local-fs-pre.target                          static   
local-fs.target                              static   
multi-user.target                            static   
network-online.target                        static   
network-pre.target                           static   
network.target                               static   
nss-lookup.target                            static   
nss-user-lookup.target                       static   
paths.target                                 static   
poweroff.target                              disabled 
printer.target                               static   
reboot.target                                enabled  
remote-fs-pre.target                         static   
remote-fs.target                             enabled  
rescue.target                                disabled 
rpcbind.target                               static   
runlevel0.target                             disabled 
runlevel1.target                             disabled 
runlevel2.target                             static   
runlevel3.target                             static   
runlevel4.target                             static   
runlevel5.target                             static   
runlevel6.target                             enabled  
shutdown.target                              static   
sigpwr.target                                static   
sleep.target                                 static   
slices.target                                static   
smartcard.target                             static   
sockets.target                               static   
sound.target                                 static   
suspend.target                               static   
swap.target                                  static   
sysinit.target                               static   
system-update.target                         static   
time-sync.target                             static   
timers.target                                static   
umount.target                                static   
anacron.timer                                enabled  
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                      enabled  
apt-daily.timer                              enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                 static   
